docs: Add `cloud`, Refine Enhanced Backends and Workspaces (#29947)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/settings/terraform-cloud.html.md

---
layout: "language"

> page_title: "Terraform Settings - Configuration Language"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: "Terraform Cloud Configuration - Terraform Settings - Configuration Language"
```

sidebar_current: "docs-config-terraform"

> description: "The terraform block allows you to configure Terraform behavior, including the Terraform version, backend, integration with Terraform Cloud, and required providers."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "The nested `cloud` block configures Terraform's integration with Terraform Cloud."
```

Some leftover pasta from creating the page.

---

> # Terraform Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Terraform Cloud Configuration
```

Mostly just: a page whose title is simply "Terraform Cloud" is a bit disorienting. Better to risk being over-verbose to make sure people know where they are.

> Each Terraform configuration can integrate with Terraform Cloud to enable its
> [CLI-driven run workflow](/docs/cloud/run/cli.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main module of a Terraform configuration can integrate with Terraform Cloud to enable its
[CLI-driven run workflow](/docs/cloud/run/cli.html). These settings are only needed when
using Terraform CLI to interact with Terraform Cloud, and are ignored when interacting with
Terraform Cloud via version control or the API.
```

Terraform Cloud is configured with a nested `cloud` block within the top-level
`terraform` block:

```hcl
terraform {
  cloud {
    organization = "example_corp"

    workspaces {
      tags = ["app"]
    }
  }
}
```

Using the Cloud integration is mutually exclusive of declaring any [state backend](/docs/language/settings/backends/index.html); that is, a configuration
can only declare one or the other. Similar to backends...

- A configuration can only provide one cloud block.
- A cloud block cannot refer to named values (like input variables, locals, or data source attributes).

> See [Configuring Terraform Cloud](/docs/cli/configuring-terraform-cloud/index.html) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Configuring Terraform Cloud](/docs/cli/configuring-terraform-cloud/index.html) 
in the Terraform CLI docs for more information.
```

(useful to call out links that'll leave the section entirely.)

---
layout: "language"
page_title: "Terraform Cloud Configuration - Terraform Settings - Configuration Language"
sidebar_current: "docs-config-terraform"

> description: "The nested `cloud` block configures Terraform's integration with Terraform Cloud."

Reviewer 2: should we include the word "state" somewhere in here to make sure that people searching for backends or state storage find TFC

---

> # Terraform Cloud Configuration

Reviewer 2: Should we say something about the advantages of the TFC integration on this page? It seems like one of the main opportunities we'll have to convince people to switch to the cloud integration instead of the `remote` backend, so this would be a good place to mention benefits.

---
layout: "language"
page_title: "Terraform Cloud Configuration - Terraform Settings - Configuration Language"
sidebar_current: "docs-config-terraform"
description: "The nested `cloud` block configures Terraform's integration with Terraform Cloud."
---

# Terraform Cloud Configuration

The main module of a Terraform configuration can integrate with Terraform Cloud to enable its
[CLI-driven run workflow](/docs/cloud/run/cli.html). These settings are only needed when
using Terraform CLI to interact with Terraform Cloud, and are ignored when interacting with

> Terraform Cloud via version control or the API.

Author: Nice 👍🏻
